So how can we connect CloudFront
to an application load balancer
or an EC2 instance as an origin?
So we have two ways, and this is the better way
and the newer way.
It's called using VPC origins.
And it allows you to deliver content directly from
applications that are hosted
in your private subnets in your VPC.
And everything can remain private.
You don't need to expose any of this to the internet.
So that means we can deliver traffic
to private application balancers,
network load balancers, and EC2 instances.
So how does that work?
Well, we're going to create a CloudFront distribution,
which has a bunch of edge locations, and our users are going
to access CloudFront this way.
But then from CloudFront, we're going to create a VPC origin
and connect this VPC origin to our backend.
So it could be, again, an ALB, an NLB or an EC2 instance.
And then CloudFront will do the link through the VPC origin
to direct traffic to your private subnets and applications.
And from a network perspective, this is one
of the most secure way of doing your setup
because, well, your applications are still hosted privately,
internally, and then you choose what to expose
through CloudFront, which is very handy.
If you wanted to use a public network,
this was the previous method
before the VPC origin feature existed.
And I still wanna show it to you
because it's good to understand what was done before.
You had to have an EC2 instance that was public.
And so therefore you had a list of edge locations
with their public IPs.
And you use this link to find the list
of all the CloudFront IPs
and you would make sure to change the security group
to allow all these public IPs
of the edge location into your EC2 instance.
So it would be public,
but only restricted to the edge locations.
And the same goes for
if you had an application load balancer,
again, it should have been public,
but your EC2 instances could have been private.
And then just have private network between your ALB
and your EC2 instances through the use of security group.
And again, you must make sure that your
ALB has a security group
that allows all the public IPs coming from CloudFront.
So it's a bit more tedious
because number one, you need to find these public IPs
and change the security group.
And on top of it, well, there is a risk
that if someone changes the security group of your ALB
or your EC2 instance, then your instance is public
to more than just your CloudFront distribution.
But this was the old way.
Now the new better way is to use, of course, VPC origins.
All right, so that's it in this lecture.
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.